# Real-Survival
UNITY 3D Game 
5.1. Overall Description
“Real Survival” is a cellular gaming utility in particular designed for the Android platform and it is functional on both mobile clever devices as well as tablets. “Real survival” has been developed for Android developed variations above 4.4.0 and all subsequent releases. The software data of this gaming assignment is stored locally on the gaming engine elements. Android platform is graphically adaptable with a 2 and third-dimensional pictures library primarily based on OpenGL ES 2.0 specifications as well as hardware orientation, scaling, pixel format conversion and accelerated 3D graphics.  
This project is an attempt to apply creative thinking to produce something new, enjoyable, which can help people in their boredom and stress situation. Unity 3D game engine has been used for this game development project which provide the developer to easily develop characters according to the required graphics. Blender, Autodesk Maya has also been used for designing purposes as per the project demands. Animations were made using Unity gaming engine for testing and implementing into the project. Unity Asset store has also been used for importing some of the already rigged and ready character which are required in the game.
Gameplay for this game is quite easy as it is in its partial development phase. The player will have an already equipped weapon in his hand while entering into the gaming environment. He has to survive each and every level by killing the coming enemies in order to survive and to enter into the other further levels of the game. Since, Augmented Reality has been the important factor of this game, the gameplay will look more convincing and satisfying if played using AR headset for much better user experience and fun which is future task to achieve for this project.
